And before we start working on Navarre why don't we check it out.
What is going to be our end result.
So first and foremost that is how our number is going to look.
On a small screen size where there is going to be some kind of logo as well as button for the functionality.
Then we're going to have our links.
And then once we get to a bigger screen size then we're gonna have the logo.
There is going to be no button for toggling in the links as links are going to be displayed in the center.
And then all the way in right hand side we're going to have some social media icons.
So that is our final product.
Now why don't we start working on it.
And first of all we're going to set up some H the email structure.
Now I'm going to go back to for a few times because like I said I'd like to also in fact use the icons
and links that I already have.
We're just going to have to change some classes now as a side note when you're creating static pages
like this with gestation amounts.
Yes yes.
Unfortunately that's how you're going to have to do it.
So even though you have already let's say links as well as these social media icons if you want them
in a different place you also need to copy and paste them.
Once you start working with templating engines once you start working with BHP once you start working
with react there is of course ways how you can just create that particular item element or component
in one place and then reuse it all throughout your document.
Now since we're just creating static pages using actually amounts to assess unfortunately we're going
to have to do some copying pasting.
Now not the biggest fan of that.
But again it just makes a little bit more sense instead of just re typing everything from the scratch.
Right now we have our NAV.
First of all I would like to add a class here some say class is going to be a nav bar.
And by the way we needed to scroll up all the way to the header and then within the header we already
had a hero.
But now we're going to add our NAV bar.
Then let's create a deal with a class of NAV center.
Now within this nerve center there's going to be few things that we're going to create.
First I'm going to worry about that header.
Now what do I mean by header.
So first of all let me make again the smaller because I just want to show you header specifically.
And as far as header is concerned it is going to be my logo here as well as my little icon.
Now icon is gonna be the buttons so I'm gonna set up the button and place the icon within.
But that is the header and that is what I mean by header.
Now let's create a div Nav Error and you know what I am going to add here a Nav Error comment because
there's gonna be a nav links as well as now icons like I said let's first start by getting the image
and the image is sitting within the images and then we have logo switching manage the image that I'm
using and I would like to add some class of nav logo.
As far as alternative let's write back roads.
I don't know company something like that and then also like I said there's gonna be an image but also
a button.
So why don't we add a button then for the type we're going to go with type of button.
And then within the button I would like to place my icon.
So F yes if a barge OK now let's save it then we're going to have to add few things.
Now let my local dev server to spin up for a while but I'm gonna add a few things here for my button.
First of all I would like to add a class and the class is going to be a nav toggle and for some reason.
OK.
Now it works.
Now toggle and also the idea is going to be nav toggle nav toggle.
Now please guys if you're going to use my javascript and see as well I guess but it is very important
for the javascript because CSX you're gonna be technically able to see right away if your classes are
not working but I'm adding these ideas later on when we're going to use the javascript.
Now if your values are gonna be different.
Unfortunately even though you're going to copy and paste my code your code is not going to work.
Even though code should work exactly the same but unless your naming is exactly the same as well the
land code is not going to work.
Now let's also add a Ariel label just because we have nothing inside the button anyway so let's write
Ariel label and I'm just going to say nav tag or something like that.
Now you notice something really interesting where I do have my logo and it is massive.
It is just spanning all across.
Now we're gonna fix that once we start working with CSX but I can give you right away.
And the reason why it is doing that is because remember we set up all our images to be with a hundred
percent.
And in fact in order to fix it we're going to cover not selector in the CSX and that is very very interesting
selector by the way.
But don't be freaked out by this.
This in fact is looking hundred percent because we set all our images to be hundred percent.
Now header is done and that is great.
That was our header and next went up.
We're going to have the Mavericks.
Now I'm gonna add one more comment and of NAV bar header and again please keep in mind your values for
your ideas and let me just repeat one more time.
Are gonna have to be exactly the same.
Now I'm saying that because I think I messed it up a little but we're not only have nav toggle but also
like to have the idea of not toggle.
So let me add a d of NAV toggle.
Let me save that.
And that should work.
Now I do have my handy right because again I repeat myself but we're gonna use it when we set up the
functionality with JavaScript so we have end of header.
Okay.
That's number one.
But now I'd like to work with links.
Now I'd like to place all the links that I had here.
Now remember though we already had those links within the footer.
So what we're gonna do is again instead of just re typing everything I'm gonna grab this div first I'm
gonna grab this div we're gonna head over back to the Navarre like so and then within the nav bar and
have no header there's going to be an NAV bar links let's copy and paste it let's say and often have
bar links and let's copy paste our footer links.
Now first of all we need to change the classes so we don't want the styling that we had within the footer.
So let's write here nav links.
That's number one.
But also let's add the idea for our jobs and functionality with a value of NAV links.
Now the H riff stays the same.
So that doesn't change.
However what I would like to change is here this footer link.
So again let's select all of them by using multiple cursors.
So again we're pressing out and the mouse and then let's write here have nav link.
Now later on we're gonna add one more class for JavaScript functionality for the scrolling.
But again we don't have to worry about her right now.
We have our setup right.
And technically once you press on services you're going to navigate to services so everything works
really really well.
But lastly I would like to add in fact my social media icons.
So let me add one more comment.
Now have social media icons like so and like I said we're gonna have to head over back to the footer
for her and then within the firm by the way that's the wrong footer.
That's not where I would want to go.
And for some reason is not going to the football where I was looking for.
Hour now it is it's just it's taking its time.
So let's get footer icons.
Let's grab this div so everything that we had here.
Let's grab that and again let's navigate back to the number.
In this case I'm just going to navigate with the cursor and we're going to head over to our links.
Social media icons and then again let's copy paste it and let's change the class where it's not going
to be a photo or icons.
We're gonna name the NAV icons and then each and every icon is also going to be a nav icon.
So let's set this up let's have a nav icon.
Let's save it.
And that should be our basic structure.
So as you see we have quite a bit of sea assets to do in order to get our Navarre looking like that
on a smaller screen.
And then of course this particular layout on a bigger screen size.
But no worries we're going to get there in no time.